Now let's take a look at EC2 Auto Scaling.
So to get to EC2 Auto Scaling,
we're going to click on EC2 under recently visited services or we can search it here,
in the search bar and select it there.
Once we get to the EC2 console,
we're going to scroll all the way down to Auto Scaling and click on Auto Scaling groups.
One thing I want you to notice before we move forward with Auto Scaling groups,
is that we have a message here in the EC2 console from
Amazon saying that the EC2 console is being redesigned.
When you log in to AWS from time to time,
you're going to see messages like this.
It's just them updating and modernizing and changing things around based
on feedback and the modernization of the application.
So what we're going to do is we're going to launch the Auto Scaling group wizard here.
Here's a new design for EC2 Auto Scaling also.
So basically they're saying that this is an older console,
it's being replaced with a new Auto Scaling console.
But for now, we're just going to click on create Auto Scaling group.
There's two steps, create
a launch configuration and then the second step is creating an Auto Scaling group.
So let's get started.
We're going to select the EC2 instances.
We're going to select Amazon Linux and our free tier.
Going to name our Auto Scaling launch configuration,
let's just call it Launch6.
Spot instances. Keep in mind,
spot instances can be stopped by Amazon if they need to reclaim that compute at any time.
So that's something you need to consider carefully if you'd like
to request spot instances in your launch configuration.
If you ever have any questions about what's going on and what they're asking of
you when you're on creating a launch configuration or anything really,
if you see this I next to it, just hover over it,
then gives you a brief description of what this field is looking for.
So we're not going to request spot instances this time,
we're not going to select the special IAM role.
Even though CloudWatch monitoring for general metrics are as free,
I'm enabling detailed monitoring does incur a cost.
So keep that in mind if you're going to enable CloudWatch detailed monitoring.
We`re going to move forward with our instances where it's going
to accept the default eight gigs to storage.
An existing security group is going to be fine or take the default security group.
If you'd like to look at your details of what you selected, you can go down here,
expand storage, see we got our [inaudible] to expand security group.
That should show us our default security group.
Go ahead and create a launch configuration.
Now we've done that.
Now we're onto our second step,
creating the Auto Scaling group and let's just call it Group6 to go at Launch6.
We're going to start with two instances and select a couple subnets here.
So we're going to create our scaling group and use the scaling policies here.
We're going to configure scale between two and six instances this is
Group6 after all and scale group size,
let's just call this Size6,
and the metric we're going to use a CPU utilization,
let's just target 89 percent utilization,
that's high but this is just an example.
Notifications, if you'd like to,
you can subscribe to notifications if you haven't done that,
but don't worry about it.
Subscribing to notifications is just basically confirming your contact information,
your email address with Amazon,
so we're going to skip that for now.
Any tags that you'd like to configure,
this is where you'd select those.
So remember tag is a key and a value.
So we can say life cycle,
let's spell life cycle and our value is going to be development,
just for example, review our scaling group and if everything looks good,
we'll go ahead and create our Auto Scaling group.
Looks like we were successful.
Sometimes I've seen this have an error the first time,
and if you run it again,
it will normally be successful for you.
Go ahead and close this.
Now we've got an Auto Scaling group that's using Launch6 configuration.
We have a launch configuration, Launch6 right here.
If you want to delete it,
this is where you take that action.
If you're not wanting to keep this example and Auto Scaling group,
you can also delete that.
If you`re going to delete your Auto Scaling group that is tied to a launch configuration,
you have to delete your launch configuration first.
Everyone, thanks for joining and following along.
See you at the end of the next exercise.